fix(lsp): shutdown the daemon on disconnect (#10688)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/shy-laws-post.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed a bug where the Biome Daemon didn't correctly shutdown when closing the editor, the daemon was in the middle of an operation. This bug was more evident for operations such as scanning.

Author: @coderabbitai Did you read my summary? The PR doesn't fix the issue. Provide a better wording

> Fixed a bug where the Biome Daemon didn't correctly shutdown when closing the editor, the daemon was in the middle of an operation. This bug was more evident for operations such as scanning.

Author: @coderabbitai I liked you suggestions though, but without the "Fixed []()" part. Can you provide one again?

> Fixed a bug where the Biome Daemon didn't correctly shutdown when closing the editor, the daemon was in the middle of an operation. This bug was more evident for operations such as scanning.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where the Biome Daemon did not correctly shut down when the editor was closed during an in-progress operation, especially while scanning.
```
